---
title: "6 Popular NFTs of 2022 & how they’re Transforming the Cryptocurrency Industry"
date: 2022-03-07T13:55:13+06:00 # 2020-03-14T15:40:24+06:00
# post thumb
images:
  - "images/blog/6214997.jpg"
#author
author: "Justin Guese"
# description
description: "Non-fungible tokens, or NFTs, are digital assets that can be owned and traded. They have a unique value that is not dependent on their utility or scarcity. The "
# Taxonomies
categories: ["nft games", "popular"]
tags: ["nft games", "-", "##", "[", "](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?ref=37092355)", "data", "platform"]
draft: false
---


Want to start playing? Explore some [further articles](/blog/), or have a look at our [getting started with Crypto games section](/services/how-do-i-get-started/).

# 6 Popular NFTs of 2022 & how they’re Transforming the Cryptocurrency Industry

## Introduction: What are Non-Fungible Tokens and Why are they So Popular Right Now?

Non-fungible tokens, or NFTs, are digital assets that can be owned and traded. They have a unique value that is not dependent on their utility or scarcity. The first use case of these tokens was in gaming but now they are being used in many other industries such as real estate, art, and collectibles.

## NFTs are becoming more popular because they offer different benefits to the users such as:

- Ownership of the asset

## - Access to exclusive content and experiences

- Ownership of the data generated by the asset

## - Access to exclusive features for specific users

The 6 Most Popular NFTs in 2022 and Their Usage

Cryptocurrencies- Cryptocurrencies are digital or virtual tokens that use cryptography to secure their transactions and to control the creation of new units. Cryptocurrencies are decentralized, meaning they are not subject to government or financial institution control. Bitcoin, the first and most well-known cryptocurrency, was created in 2009. Cryptocurrencies are often used to purchase goods and services online and can also be traded on cryptocurrency exchanges. In 2022, cryptocurrencies will continue to be a popular investment and payment option. 

Virtual Reality- Virtual reality (VR) is a computer-generated simulation of a three-dimensional environment. VR technology allows users to experience this environment through simulated sight, sound, and touch. VR has a wide range of applications, including entertainment, education, and business. In 2022, VR will be even more popular than it is today. Many new VR headsets will be released, and businesses will increasingly use VR to create immersive experiences for their customers. 

Augmented Reality- Augmented reality (AR) is a technology that combines digital information with the user's real-world environment. AR applications can be used for a variety of purposes, including education, entertainment, and business. In 2022, AR will be used in a wider range of applications than it is today. More businesses will adopt AR to provide enhanced customer experiences, and AR will become a common tool in education. 

Internet of Things- The internet of things (IoT) is the network of physical objects that are connected to the internet. These objects can communicate with each other and with people using various technologies, such as sensors, RFID tags, and GPS. The IoT has a wide range of applications, including smart homes, transportation, and healthcare. In 2022, the IoT will continue to grow in popularity, and more businesses will adopt IoT technologies to improve their operations. 

Blockchain- Blockchain is a distributed database that maintains a continuously growing list of data records. These records are secured by cryptography and are immune to tampering or revision. Blockchain is best known as the technology underlying Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. In 2022, blockchain will be used in a wider range of applications than it is today. Many businesses will adopt blockchain to improve the security and transparency of their operations. 

Big Data Big data is a term used to describe the large and ever-growing volume of data that is being generated by businesses, governments, and individuals. This data is often analyzed using data analytics tools to reveal patterns and trends. Big data is used for a variety of purposes, including marketing, product development, and scientific research. In 2022, big data will continue to be a valuable resource for businesses and governments.

## What Are the Key Attributes You Should Look For in a NFT Wallet?

In this guide, we have a short list of the attributes to look for in a good nft wallet. If you are a serious cryptocurrency trader and want the most secure [ platform ](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?ref=37092355) to store your assets - you need to consider at least some of these aspects: 

- Support for multiple coins - this includes a coin portfolio, which shows your holdings in each different coin and allows you to change the portfolio size.

- Mobile Wallet - if you are interested in trading while away from home, then make sure that it is possible with the selected wallet. - 24/7 customer support - if there is one thing that traders want at all times, it is quick access to customer service representatives who can help them with any inquiries or issues.

## - Anonymity & Security - ensure that your chosen wallet offers a high level of security and privacy protection.

- Backup & Restore - make sure that you can easily back up your wallet and that there is a restore function in case something happens to your device. 

## - Ease of use - a good wallet should be easy to use, with a simple and intuitive interface. 

- Fees - find out about the fees associated with using the wallet, so that you can make an informed decision about whether it is the right one for you. 

- Supported platforms - check to see if the wallet is available on your preferred [ platform ](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?ref=37092355) (e.g. Android, iOS, desktop, etc.). 

## - Coin storage - some wallets allow you to store multiple coins, while others are specific to one or two coins. 

- Built-in exchange - a good wallet will have a built-in exchange, so that you can easily exchange your coins for others.

## What are Some Top Tips for Choosing the Best [ Platform ](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?ref=37092355) for Next Purchasing A NFT?

When it comes to investing in NFTs, there are many platforms that are available. However, before you choose one, you should consider your needs and what would be the best fit for you.

There are currently three main exchanges that provide NFT trading: Coinbase, ethereum nft exchange, and coinbase exchange. Each of these platforms offers different benefits and features.

Coinbase is a US-based [ platform ](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?ref=37092355) that provides users with an easy way to purchase crypto assets with fiat currency (USD). It also has a mobile app that makes it easy for people to use the [ platform ](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?ref=37092355) on their phone.

Ethereum nft exchange is a decentralized [ platform ](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?ref=37092355) that uses smart contracts for all transactions. This means users can trade without any third party interference or fees as well as enjoy full control over their assets. 

Coinbase exchange is a centralized [ platform ](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?ref=37092355) that offers a wide variety of crypto assets. The [ platform ](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?ref=37092355) also offers 24/7 customer support, insurance for user funds, and a user-friendly interface.

## How Can I Diversify My Portfolio with a Variety of NFTs?

To diversify your portfolio with a variety of digital assets, you should look for top-performing assets that have the potential to grow in value.

NFTs are a great way to diversify your portfolio and make it more appealing to investors. You can [ buy ](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?ref=37092355) them on exchanges like Coinbase or [ Binance ](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?ref=37092355) and then sell them on platforms like OpenSea or Kyber Network.

Want to start playing? Explore some [further articles](/blog/), or have a look at our [getting started with Crypto games section](/services/how-do-i-get-started/).

